= db-entropy

* http://github.com/jayzes/db-entropy

== DESCRIPTION:

A quick and dirty way to generate random database configuration files for Rails

== FEATURES:

* Can generate randomized database.yml and mongoid.yml configurations.  This is especially useful in CI-type environments where you have the same application running multiple times concurrently and you need to make sure they won't clobber each other.

== SYNOPSIS:

* rake entropy:randomize_mysql_config will generate a random config/database.yml for MySQL with entries for development, test, and cucumber.  Note that test and cucumber will point to the same database.
* rake entropy:randomize_mongoid_config will generate a random config/mongoid.yml for Mongoid with entries for development, test, and cucumber.  Note that test and cucumber will point to the same database.
* rake entropy:randomize_db_configs will generate both MySQL and Mongoid configurations

You'll want to make sure that your build scripts call rake db:create:all after running one of the entropy tasks, and that they call rake db:drop:all after running all tests to make sure you don't leave empty databases hanging around.

== REQUIREMENTS:

* None

== INSTALL:

* gem install db-entropy OR add it to your gem bundle
* If you're using Rails 2.3, add a "require 'db-entropy/tasks'" line to your Rakefile

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Jay Zeschin

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.